MSNBC's Jen Psaki dropped a truth bomb on Trump's incendiary rhetoric after he stepped in it again by saying there would be a "bloodbath" if he lost to President Joe Biden in November.
The thing is, Trump has a history of using violent rhetoric.
And if Trump defenders want us to believe that their precious orange aberration is innocent, then that means that Mr. Big Brain isn't capable of speaking coherently.
"If they want us to consider the full context, let's do just that because the full context is that Trump kicked off the same exact rally by saluting the people who were convicted for the deadly assault on the US Capitol on January 6th, all to the tune of the national anthem sung by a choir of imprisoned insurrectionists," she said.
"The full context is that some of the first words out of Trump's mouth last night, same rally, were thanking those rioters and calling them patriots."
"The full context is that he also said in this same rally, quote, if this election isn't won, I'm not sure that you'll ever have another election in this country," she continued.
"The full context is that he went on to say some undocumented immigrants are, quote, not people. And, of course, the full context is that this is much bigger than one single speech."
"This embrace of political violence, this dehumanizing language," she said.
"This is what Donald Trump has been preaching for years.
In January, he warned that there will be, quote, bedlam in this country If his criminal prosecution derailed his campaign late last year.
He echoed the dehumanizing language of Adolf Hitler, comparing his political opponents to vermin and saying immigrants are quote poisoning the blood of our country last month."
"He said there would be potential death and destruction if he was charged in the Manhattan criminal probe," Psaki said.
"And during his first term, he flat out refused to condemn the political violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, saying there were very fine people on both sides.
In 2020, he reportedly asked his defense secretary about shooting people who were protesting the death of George Floyd, saying, can you just shoot them, just shoot them in the legs or something?"
"And, of course, his very words inspired violence on January 6th, 2021, when he told a crowd of his supporters to walk down to the Capitol and fight like hell because, quote, you'll never take back our country with weakness," she continued.
"Trust me, I could go on and on and on."
"We all know by now that Trump's allusions to political violence are not merely rhetorical.
His supporters take them literally.
That's part of the big problem here.
And he knows that, too.
So, no, we did not miss the full context.
This was not some meandering off-message comment.
This is his message."
"As the Biden campaign put it, this is who Donald Trump is, a loser who gets beat by over 7 million votes and then, instead of appealing to a wider mainstream audience, doubles down on his threats of political violence," she added.
While Trump's role in the January 6th insurrection is being investigated, you would think that the Stable Genius would want to look innocent instead of throwing more fuel on the fire.
He's done this before.